---
title: Reward
sidebar_position: 2
slug: /q&a/reward
---

## How much is the total incentive rewards for the SINSO mainnet?

The total number of SINSO token rewards in the first phase of the SINSO mainnet is 30,000,000 pieces (tokens)

## How is the incentive rewards of the SINSO mainnet released and distributed?

When the number of active and staked nodes on the entire network reaches 2,000, we will start the official release of SINSO token rewards, which will be released according to ten years of deflation. `That is, the higher the reward in the early stage, the lower the reward in the later stage.`

## How to participate in the SINSO mainnet?

There are two ways:

1. building nodes
2. staking nodes

## Can the node generate income right after it is built?

in order to receive rewards from the nodes, two conditions must be met:

1. nodes are active and running normally
2. the nodes have been staked with SINSO tokens

## Who do the rewards generated from nodes belong to?

The reward generated by a node will be divided into two parts and directly distributed to the corresponding wallet addresses.

First part: rewards generated from an actively running node ( this part of the rewards belong to the node builder < person who set up the node > )

Second part: rewards generated from staking for the nodes ( this part of the rewards belong to the node-guarantor < the person who staked for the node > )

First part of the rewards takes up 55%-60% of the rewards generated, second part of the rewards takes up 40%-45% of the rewards generated

## Is the reward released in a one-time payment bases?

Nope, the rewards generated will be distributed in two parts

Part-1 : directly released (you can collect it once the rewards are generated

Part-2: Linear distribution (once the rewards are generated, it will be released and distributed over a period of 180 days, released on every 10th day)

Part 1 takes up 30% of the total rewards generated

Part 2 takes up 70% of the total rewards generated
